Beauty Beauty International School
Nail Written Exam 2020
Version 1 （80 Questions）
1. According to NYS law, temporary nail specialty license expire at what period of time after
issuance？
根据纽约州法，临时指甲师执照在颁发后多久后过期？
a. 3 months b. 6 months c. 1 year d. 2years
a. 三个月b.六个月c.一年d.二年
B
2. According to NYS law, passing grades for practical and written nail specialty examinations may
be applied toward licenser for a period of how many years？
根据纽约州法，通过指甲师书面和实际考试后，执照有效期为多长时间？
a. 4 year b. 2 years c. 5 years d. 10 years
a.4年b.2年c.5年d.10年
3. According to NYS Department of State, the use of which one of the following items is ALWAYS
PROHIBITED in an appearance enhancement workplace？
根据纽约州州务厅的规定，在美容店里，下列项目中哪一项是永远禁止使用的？
a. Bar soap b. Credo knife c. Razor blade d. Emery board
a. 肥皂b. 刮脚皮刀片C. 剃刀刀片d. 金刚砂板
4. According to NYS Department of State, the use of which one of the following items is allowed in
an appearance enhancement workplace only if it to be used exclusively for one person？
根据纽约州州务厅的规定，在美容店里，下列项目中，如果只是给一个人单独使用，哪一项是允许的
a. Bar soap b. Pumice stone C. stylizes pencil d. Chamois buffer
a. 肥皂 b.硬石c.止血笔 d.羚羊皮打磨刷
D
5. According to NYS Department of State, the absence of which one of the following in an
appearance enhancement workplace is presumptive evidence of noncompliance？
根据纽约州州务厅的规定，在美容店里，下列各项中缺少哪一项是不附合规定？
a. Shakers b. dispenser pumps c. Spray type containers d. Sealable rigid containers
a. 搅拌器b.药剂师叩筒c.喷式器皿d. 可封闭的硬盒
6. Define which one of the following terms as the physical removal of all visible dust, soil and any
other foreign material from object？
根据纽约州州务厅的规定，下列项目中哪一项与清除可见的灰尘，土壤及其他外来物质有关。
a. Cleaning b. Sanitation c. Disinfections d. Sterilization
a.清洁b，卫生设施c.消毒 d. 杀菌
A
T. According to NYS Department of State, disinfections must be accomplished by the use of hospita
grade disinfections registered by the
根据纽约州州务厅的规定，灭菌消毒必须使用哪一家注册的医院级别的灭菌消毒剂来完成？
a. Department of health b. Food and Drug Administration c. Environmental Protection Agency d.
Occupational Safety and Health Administration

